---
layout: post
title: "Training Day In-Shape"
date: 2019-11-11 12:26:38 -0800
categories: "Healthy life"
---
  First training day with Victoria at In-shape, I have to say this 50-min strength session was intense. First 10-min with muscle stretches was kinda relaxing, to be more specific we did 30 sec "touching toe", 30 sec "foot front" stretch, and 30 sec "jumping jacks", then we started switching to power strength, this is where I got all sweat. We went to Yoga room, and she grabbed a soft ball. Then the first 30 sec "Plank with arm raises" was okay for me, until I switched to 30 sec "softball with hip raises", where I can feel the muscle stretches at belly and back thigh. The most killing part is that I have to do 3 sets with each 30 sec with two activities back to back. I have to say, after these 3 sets, I can barely walk, but this is just the start. We then switched to weight room, where I got myself souless. She grabbed a 45 lb weight machine, and I have to do 3 sets with 10 lifting combined with jump and squats. Man, this one is killing, I barely could hold 45 lb, not even mention to do squats with it. I started feeling the pain from my arm muscle and feeling impossible to complete whole session. The first 10 lifting almost takes 1 million hours, then we switched to swing with 15 lb with single arm lifting, I felt like after the 45 lb lifting, 15 was nothing. However, thinking about 2 more sets of 45 lifting to go, I was hopeless...Million years later, I hardly finished. Then the training focus was moving onto my lower body. Victoria started putting more weights on the machine and now it becomes 55 lb, she asked me to put the weight machine on top of my lower belly, and slowly lean my back onto the soft bench, so that I could use my belly muscle and leg muscle to balance the weight on my belly. With the back being straight and no arches, I have to do hip raises with 55 lb extra weight on my body, to be honest, compared to 45lb weight lift, this was nothing as well. After 10 hip raises, we moved onto pulling machine, and did 55 lb 10-pulling. Combined with hip raises and pulling, we have to do 3 sets. Moving onto upper body again, 25 lb round weight machine was chosen, and I did squats with arm raises combined with one hand upper straight pulling using the same 25 lb weight machine. To be honest, nothing is as hard as the 45 lb weight lifting. 
  
  
  In the end, we continued to muscle stretches and relaxing, nothing too exciting about the final stretching part, except the TRX machine, which tbh, is really relaxing, highly highly recommend. 
